I'm going to do a comparison video of
the HTC droid incredible which is on the
left and the Apple iPhone which is on
the right the iphone is a 3g model it is
running firmware 3.1 point2 and it's
jailbroken with blackrain both of these
phones are using Wi-Fi right now so
there should be a fairly even comparison
between the two you're going to pull the
web's the internet browsers for both of
them got Safari and then internet on the
left for just those internet for the
droid um what I want to do is I've got
Honda swap load it right here on both
both phones I'm going to go ahead and
refresh this page to see which one takes
longer to load pretty simple go ahead
and put my fingers over these spots and
good and hit them and they're off the
droid is already finished the iphone is
not too far behind it but it is hanging
a little bit towards the end of the the
page cycle loading it and it's done
though if pages are loaded let me go
ahead and find a link or in here we'll
go to the member lounge which is double
click to get close to it so I'm going to
select both these links at the same time
droid is already done and the iphones a
little bit behind which is fairly fairly
decent amount of time between the two
from one one's done and the other one
stone i'm going to go and refresh this
page just so it's not like as if i had a
cached up the refresh buttons i missed
the droid out to do this one again while
that's loading i did want to show how
the droid when you when you scroll up
and down it actually acts in a sense
like a air hockey puck it's very smooth
up and down and if you if you let it go
it kind of glides what's cool with that
is you can actually fling it all the way
down we're all the way up with the
iphone it's actually a little has like a
resistance to it so it stops you can't
just fling it all the way it's kind of
as better control as in a sense of you
can control it a little better it's
easier to have consistent swipes but
with the droid i actually like the fact
that i can go all the way or just a
little bit it can glide web pages that
I'm familiar with i can actually flick
it and get it to where i want it to go
every time which is really cool i do
want to once again try to refresh this
page go for these at the same time try
it again and they're off again droid
came out ahead once more another thing i
do want to show with the droid is when
you're doing this no problems zoom in do
it again no problems whatsoever with the
iphone you zoom in and you do this you
get all this this I don't know what
you'd call it like a um you see it at
the top and at the bottom it's like a
checkered board especially you know the
more you're zoomed in the more you'll
notice it
it's a lot of it there now with the
droid come all the way in look how big
this is it doesn't miss a beat doesn't
have any refresh issues it's got
everything cute operated to go go back
out yeah iphone definitely definitely
likes to have that checkerboard stuff
really annoying if you're flipping
through pages really quick but it's not
so noticeable when you're not zoomed in
this is all the way out it does it a
little bit but it's not too bad basic
browsing with the iphone turn it over
it's a just click on something now the
basically worked the same way have the
same features as far as browsing I know
the the iphone doesn't offer full flash
support with the droid I believe it's
just the HTC that offers the full flash
support I'm not sure about the moto
droid to homepage go back to its weight
it does have a little bit of a wait time
q1 up between 11 thread to the next wait
for it there's a checkerboard that I
love
it's taken its own sweet time compared
to other phones this is definitely
really fast which is my storm yeah web
surfing on this phone just completely
slaughters a storm speed wise as with
most other phones but when compared with
the droid it's definitely a decent
difference again it could be because I
have a jailbroken phone I haven't used a
3gs before maybe 3gs is faster but let
me click on something here watch the
speed that this comes up and it's done
searchable including images and it's
just that this is a really fast phone
I'm very impressed with it extremely
impressed with it just the speed of
browsing I have a netbook that I use all
the time and I find that I'm now using
my phone more often in my netbook when
laying in bed and whatnot at night I
used to try with the storm I couldn't
get packed couldn't get very far got
tired of it and got tired of waiting for
it to load pages so in the end
definitely think this the HTC incredible
is definitely a faster phone when it
comes to web surfing I'm very happy with
it and so so far to date my favorite
phone and just can't really say anything
negative about it it's a really good
phone hope you guys enjoyed the
comparison and again i do want to point
out it is a 3g phone not a 3gs and it is
jailbroke so maybe that's making the
time slower I don't know but my joy is
definitely faster than my iPhone